knock knock who's there Dwayne Dwayne
who's doing Duane the bathtub I'm
drowning Oh doing his butt fumble Duane
the bathtub I'm drunk he took complete
control and fixed everything even things
i didn't want fixed I think you kind of
get the idea of those knock-knock jokes
no knock-knock joke knock knock who's
there orange hold on okay good you try
not to say knock knock knock knock who's
there Frank Sinatra Frank Sinatra who
yeah New York New York wow I'm starting
to get your version of it yeah why so
Frank Sinatra Wow give me a lager knock
knock who's there that's bad Brad Pitt
who but I bet is my friend you must got
better but there's much thought knock
knock who's there what's his name it was
caged this game is K knock knock who's
there oh you know I'm Phyllis Diller
Phyllis no I think it's ben stiller yeah
yeah who's there your Markovich John our
you know this is really turned on me in
a horrible way at one point it became
all too clear that I've made a mistake
starting with their knock knock knock
who's there and you I'm you want I don't
give Ian who Tim to go 10 day room to go
oh this is more than but I expect come
on I'll walk you out the door is jammed
back lately oh I joke with me scare me
you're very funny man thank you knock
who's there my grandmother is here you
try Oh
sorry I don't break two brackets
understood the whole knock-knock thing
I'm sorry I clean it for you livorno
that's fine you were just been wonderful
here because you break that I have
breslin for you a present yeah i got i
want to give you president Oh what is my
favorite actor George Clooney I blow
well uh oh it doesn't know oh okay see
okay that's great good actor ocean 11
year old 13 right I might move that
later but it's a great thought well you
so much no but I would think what you're
leaving here hey sankhya soma what's
your name Fred Fred war Treadwell oh
yeah yo Fredo look friend Fred where
exactly I'm hoping more things break so
i can call you call me have a great day
ok hi thank you